Add/gx video (#65)
genexuslabs/web-controls-library: src/components/video/readme.md

# gx-video

A component to load a video.

## Video Support

> By now, only supports youtube videos. Future updates will support videos URLs from any platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment it only supports YouTube videos. Future updates will support videos URLs from other video publishers and single video files.
```

Author: done in c5c674b 👌

## Usage Sample

```HTML

> <gx-video src="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2jT6TlxEOM" style="--gx-video-height: 50vh;"></gx-video>

Reviewer: 👍

Author: Good?
